.TH XBALL 6x "1/5/93" " "
.SH NAME
xball \- bounce balls on the screen
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xball
[ -help -delay
.I delay
-gravity
.I percent-gravity
-elasticity
.I percent-elasticity
-itemWidth
.I ball-width
-itemHeight
.I ball-height
-collide -perpetual -haltSim -demoFile
.I demo-file
-rgbTxt
.I rgb.txt-file
]
[XToolkit options]
.sp
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I XBall
allows the user to create 3-d shaded balls, or to write and
run demo which create and manipulate the balls in various ways.
Documentation is included on-line via the Help menu and is not
reproduced here.
.SH OPTIONS
Run xball -help for a decription of the command line options
.SH DEMOS
Several demo files are included with the distribution.  To run all the
demos, run 'run_demos'.
.SH RESOURCES
Most resources are avaliable for user modification.  See the XBall
app-defaults file for a complete listing of widgets,
.sp
Following is a list of the most useful resources:
.RS
.TP 3
\fBXBall*canvas.width, height\fR
The default width and height of the window in which balls bounce in.
.TP 3
\fBXBall.delay\fR
The amount to slow the simulation, in case the computer is too fast.
A reasonable range is 0 to 200.
.TP 3
\fBXBall.itemWidth, itemHeight\fR
The default width and height of the balls.
.TP 3
\fBXBall.collide\fR
If true, balls are colliding on startup.
.TP 3
\fBXBall.perpetual\fR
If true, balls are perpetual on startup.
.TP 3
\fBXBall.haltSim\fR
If true, simulation is halted on startup.
.TP 3
\fBXBall.demoFile\fR
Specified the file to run as a demo on startup.
.TP 3
\fBXBall.rgbTxt\fR
Specified the file to load for the colors.  The default file is
/etc/X11/rgb.txt
.SH FILES
.TP
/etc/X11/rgb.txt X11 color names and values.
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
David Nedde (daven@ivy.wpi.edu).
.br
Packaged for the Debian project
by Stephen Birch <sgbirch@imsmail.org>.
.sp
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1991, 1993 David Nedde.
.br
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software and its documentation for any purpose and without
fee provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies.
It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.


